Fix config drive mount and add flag to control the search order in which the driver retrieves instance metadata (#3141)
kubernetes/cloud-provider-openstack: docs/manila-csi-plugin/using-manila-csi-plugin.md

`--provide-controller-service` | `true` | If set to true then the CSI driver does provide the controller service.
`--provide-node-service` | `true` | If set to true then the CSI driver does provide the node service.
`--pvc-annotations` | `false` | If set to true then the CSI driver will use PVC annotations as an additional information when creating shares. See [Supported PVC annotations](#supported-pvc-annotations) for more info.

> `--search-order` | `configDrive,metadataService` | The search order in which the driver retrieves metadata relating to the instance (s) in which it runs.

Reviewer: this option is valid only when `provide-node-service` is true, please mention this in docs.

> `--search-order` | `configDrive,metadataService` | The search order in which the driver retrieves metadata relating to the instance (s) in which it runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--search-order` | `configDrive,metadataService` | The search order in which the driver retrieves metadata relating to the instance in which it runs. Only effective when `--provide-node-service=true`.
```
